you can be flexible and strong at the
same time in fact flexibility is a form
of strength my body is adapted to the
point that you can literally split my
legs apart and I remain uninjured
because my tissues are strong enough to
tolerate it so which is better strength
or flexibility that's a silly question
that's like saying is water or air
better you need both of them to survive
you need some degree of strength and
some degree of flexibility to move at
all let me blow your mind anybody who
has the ability to move is flexible and
anybody who has the ability to move
themselves is strong and the cool part
is leveling up one won't affect the
other stay Flexi